Fix wilms-06 typos (#885)
AlexsLemonade/OpenScPCA-analysis: analyses/cell-type-wilms-tumor-06/notebook_template/06_cnv_infercnv_exploration.Rmd

```
These heatmaps emphasize the importance of the selection of normal cells prior the inference of CNV.
The normal reference should contain as much cell types as possible, in order to minimize false positive CNV.
In our case, we should take immune and endothelial cells when possible. 

Of note: By default if no reference is provided, `infercnv` take the mean of expression as normal reference. 
The risk is that the main cell population (in our case the fetal nephron compartment) might be mistaken as the normal baseline. 

### Summary CNV score

> We want to calculate a single CNV score and asesss if/how it can be use to define cells with CNV versus stable/normal cells. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We want to calculate a single CNV score and assess if/how it can be used to define cells with CNV versus stable/normal cells. 
```
